[DOC] Update README.md (#3349)
grafana/tempo: operations/tempo-mixin/README.md

# tempo-mixin

> Once installed, Dashboards, rules, and alerts are in the [`yamls`](./yamls) folder. Use them directly in Prometheus & Grafana to monitor Tempo.

Author: ```suggestion
Once installed, dashboards, rules, and alerts are in the [`yamls`](./yamls) folder. Use them directly in Prometheus and Grafana to monitor Tempo.
```

# tempo-mixin

> Once installed, dashboards, rules, and alerts are in the [`yamls`](./yamls) folder. Use them directly in Prometheus and Grafana to monitor Tempo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed via the build instructions below, dashboards, rules, and alerts are located in the [`operations/tempo-mixins-compiled`](..tempo-mixins-compiled) folder. Use them directly in Prometheus and Grafana to monitor Tempo.
```
